Overview

Introduction
T-test are used to compare the scores of two groups with different independent variables.
With a t-test, you can find significant differences between means of groups and see if a sales strategy yields more sales on average than another without a sales strategy for example.
The purpose of this project is to highlight my ability to perform independent sample t-tests in both SPSS and RStudio Cloud.

Scoop
The data from this study was not gathered through any means, meaning I made up the numbers simply to exemplify how independent sample t-tests function. 
This comes with the benefit of being able to be apply it in many fields including psychology, and business.

Methodology
Data can be gathered by using many means including Qualtrix, Prolific, and running participants from an in-person study.
After data has been gathered, you can clean it using Excel by making sure the data is accurate, has no missing values, no repeated participants, etc. 
You can also use RStudio to clean the data.
Cleaning the data is important to get the most accurate analysis possible.
To analyze data, I will be using SPSS and RStudio Cloud to showcase how I perform a t-test. 

Timeline
To conduct an analysis you need to following steps
  Gather data
  Clean data
  Analyze data
  Present your findings

Resources
To analyze my data, I'll be using SPSS and RStudio Cloud
I like loading readr, dplyr, and ggplot2 into RStudio Cloud as they helps me read uploaded csv files, perform analyzes, and plot my data.
Additionally used the help of Chat GPT to teach me the codes necessary and help me with any errors that might pop up.

Outcome
In an independent samples t-test you should have null hypothesis stating that the difference between the comparison groups will not have any statistical difference between them.
You can either support or not support your null hypothesis; in most cases you will want the latter.
By knowing how the groups are different you can make data driven decisions.

Potential Impact
You can perform a t-test for many real world applications, for example, to compare a group taking a therapeutic drug with a group taking no therapeutic drug.
It can also be used for businesses comparing how much customers spend when helped by a sales associate and when they are not helped by a sales associate.
It can potentially be used by managers to see which leadership style produces the best work environment.

Risk management
It is always important to protect data as it can contain personal, private, and sensitive information.
Even if no real data is being used, the importance of protecting data should not be forgotten.

Conclusion
This project will help me showcase my skills in both SPSS and RStudio Cloud.
It can also be used as a reference to how and why independent samples t-tests are performed. 
Since t-tests can be very useful in a variety of fields, how they can be applied to real world scenarios will be discussed in further a section. 

Hypotheses
Null Hypothesis: 
  Group 1 and Group 2 will have no significant statistical difference
Alternate Hypothesis:
  Group 1 and Group 2 will have significant statistical difference.
